---
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/tamus-cyber/standards.cyber.tamus.edu/tree/main/content/tamus.edu/TAMUS_profile.xml
title: SI-19 De-identification
description: ""
---

# SI-19 De-identification {#si-19}

a. Remove the following elements of personally identifiable information from datasets: [Assignment: elements] ; and

b. Evaluate [Assignment: frequency] for effectiveness of de-identification.

## SI-19(1) Collection {#si-19.01}

De-identify the dataset upon collection by not collecting personally identifiable information.

## SI-19(2) Archiving {#si-19.02}

Prohibit archiving of personally identifiable information elements if those elements in a dataset will not be needed after the dataset is archived.

## SI-19(3) Release {#si-19.03}

Remove personally identifiable information elements from a dataset prior to its release if those elements in the dataset do not need to be part of the data release.

## SI-19(4) Removal, Masking, Encryption, Hashing, or Replacement of Direct Identifiers {#si-19.04}

Remove, mask, encrypt, hash, or replace direct identifiers in a dataset.

## SI-19(5) Statistical Disclosure Control {#si-19.05}

Manipulate numerical data, contingency tables, and statistical findings so that no individual or organization is identifiable in the results of the analysis.

## SI-19(6) Differential Privacy {#si-19.06}

Prevent disclosure of personally identifiable information by adding non-deterministic noise to the results of mathematical operations before the results are reported.

## SI-19(7) Validated Algorithms and Software {#si-19.07}

Perform de-identification using validated algorithms and software that is validated to implement the algorithms.

## SI-19(8) Motivated Intruder {#si-19.08}

Perform a motivated intruder test on the de-identified dataset to determine if the identified data remains or if the de-identified data can be re-identified.

