# AU-6 Audit Record Review, Analysis, and Reporting {#au-06}

a. Review and analyze system audit records [Assignment: frequency] for indications of [Assignment: inappropriate or unusual activity] and the potential impact of the inappropriate or unusual activity;

b. Report findings to [Assignment: personnel or roles] ; and

c. Adjust the level of audit record review, analysis, and reporting within the system when there is a change in risk based on law enforcement information, intelligence information, or other credible sources of information.

## AU-6(1) Automated Process Integration {#au-06.01}

Integrate audit record review, analysis, and reporting processes using [Assignment: automated mechanisms].

## AU-6(2) Automated Security Alerts {#au-06.02}

[Withdrawn: Incorporated into [SI-4](../si/si-04#si-04).]

## AU-6(3) Correlate Audit Record Repositories {#au-06.03}

Analyze and correlate audit records across different repositories to gain organization-wide situational awareness.

## AU-6(4) Central Review and Analysis {#au-06.04}

Provide and implement the capability to centrally review and analyze audit records from multiple components within the system.

## AU-6(5) Integrated Analysis of Audit Records {#au-06.05}

Integrate analysis of audit records with analysis of [Selection (one or more): vulnerability scanning information; performance data; system monitoring information; 
                     [Assignment: data/information collected from other sources]
                  ] to further enhance the ability to identify inappropriate or unusual activity.

## AU-6(6) Correlation with Physical Monitoring {#au-06.06}

Correlate information from audit records with information obtained from monitoring physical access to further enhance the ability to identify suspicious, inappropriate, unusual, or malevolent activity.

## AU-6(7) Permitted Actions {#au-06.07}

Specify the permitted actions for each [Selection (one or more): system process; role; user] associated with the review, analysis, and reporting of audit record information.

## AU-6(8) Full Text Analysis of Privileged Commands {#au-06.08}

Perform a full text analysis of logged privileged commands in a physically distinct component or subsystem of the system, or other system that is dedicated to that analysis.

## AU-6(9) Correlation with Information from Nontechnical Sources {#au-06.09}

Correlate information from nontechnical sources with audit record information to enhance organization-wide situational awareness.

## AU-6(10) Audit Level Adjustment {#au-06.10}

[Withdrawn: Incorporated into [AU-6](../au/au-06#au-06).]

