---
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/tamus-cyber/standards.cyber.tamus.edu/tree/main/content/tamus.edu/TAMUS_profile.xml
title: AC-6 Least Privilege
description: ""
---

# AC-6 Least Privilege {#ac-06}

Employ the principle of least privilege, allowing only authorized accesses for users (or processes acting on behalf of users) that are necessary to accomplish assigned organizational tasks.

## AC-6(1) Authorize Access to Security Functions {#ac-06.01}

(a) 
                     [Assignment: organization-defined security functions (deployed in hardware, software, and firmware)] ; and

(b) 
                     [Assignment: security-relevant information].

## AC-6(2) Non-privileged Access for Nonsecurity Functions {#ac-06.02}

Require that users of system accounts (or roles) with access to [Assignment: security functions or security-relevant information] use non-privileged accounts or roles, when accessing nonsecurity functions.

## AC-6(3) Network Access to Privileged Commands {#ac-06.03}

Authorize network access to [Assignment: privileged commands] only for [Assignment: compelling operational needs] and document the rationale for such access in the security plan for the system.

## AC-6(4) Separate Processing Domains {#ac-06.04}

Provide separate processing domains to enable finer-grained allocation of user privileges.

## AC-6(5) Privileged Accounts {#ac-06.05}

Restrict privileged accounts on the system to [Assignment: personnel or roles].

## AC-6(6) Privileged Access by Non-organizational Users {#ac-06.06}

Prohibit privileged access to the system by non-organizational users.

## AC-6(7) Review of User Privileges {#ac-06.07}

(a) Review [Assignment: frequency] the privileges assigned to [Assignment: roles and classes] to validate the need for such privileges; and

(b) Reassign or remove privileges, if necessary, to correctly reflect organizational mission and business needs.

## AC-6(8) Privilege Levels for Code Execution {#ac-06.08}

Prevent the following software from executing at higher privilege levels than users executing the software: [Assignment: software].

## AC-6(9) Log Use of Privileged Functions {#ac-06.09}

Log the execution of privileged functions.

## AC-6(10) Prohibit Non-privileged Users from Executing Privileged Functions {#ac-06.10}

Prevent non-privileged users from executing privileged functions.

